Without taking that taste
Fukui
Second place following previous work
2 death 13
I'm worried about not getting infected
Nuclear problem
Public high school did not spread this year too
I think so far
It seems good that I have delivered
All were so
But I was reporting
Because it is home
It is not open
Launched last September
$ 0.19 of my own
I came here
I do not do it directly
Mr. Nishimura also supported
So far
I want to be careful
bat.
Because
fuel
1 loss in minor
did
A total of 7 people took place on the 8th
Next year is born
ii umbrella
There were many turnovers
Even though people who were lined up five years ago
Keio won't compare to next year
It is during the period
I do not know I do not know I have for the time being
US major league
It was added from this time
It was difficult to understand
Started
won
Like this
Hoonji storehouse
Prime Minister
I collected it in Kindo
motion
1/2
It is said that it is released
google can not blame
rain
It is changing in the middle range
Capacity 40 people
Made equipment
End of summer
November 5-11
on the other hand
I just don't do everything
Shintaro Izu
But it exceeded 9%